tell me who you really are
never mind what my name was you talk
about freedom you think I've got freedom
I got a past I'd like to forget but I
can't get away from it any more than you
can get away from what you are right
let's move in on a close shot Oh wrong
could you hold it a few minutes I see we
have some visitors yeah go ahead talk
you are with us on stage 22 at Warner
Brothers studio in Burbank California
miss Yvonne De Carlo and I have just
played a scene from band of angels
Robert Penn Warren bestseller a story of
colorful old New Orleans in the Deep
South band of angels is daringly unusual
boldly presented its emotions are
violent its passions primitive its
conflicts vigorous fiery explosive I'm
getting out of here come hell and
brimstone and you'll never see hide nor
hair of me again
pick it up you can it while I count
to three you're a fool I cannot shoot
you on any terms one two no Hamish No
why did you have to tell me this because
you wondered why I wouldn't marry you I
would many if you could have taken the
truth about me you'd always hate me
there's no place for you here
or anywhere with me so you joined that
band of angels
excuse me raro if I don't shine too
easily white soldiers are on their way
here to get you right now but I wanted
the satisfaction of taking you in what
does our you've just seen a few of the
many exciting moments from band of
Angels you meet a lot of interesting
characters in it people is completely
unusual as the story they live in band
of angels I think you'll like it